Update VMware preparation docs (#2212)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting-started/prepare-your-provider-account/vmware-vsphere/_index.md

## Requirements

The solution has some requirements from the vCenter side, and at the same time, the controllers that provision the infrastructure need some permissions again from the vCenter server API.

### VMware vSphere

The minimum version of vSphere required is 6.7 Update 3. It's recommended to run vSphere 7.0 or above. That versions support the Cloud Native Storage (CNS) feature needed for PersistentVolumes (PV) in Kubernetes.

| VMware product | Required version |
|------|------|
| VMware virtual hardware | 13 or later |
| vSphere ESXi hosts | 6.7 Update 3 or later |
| vCenter host | 6.7 Update 3 or later |

### Resource pool

It's recommended to create one resource pool across the hosts where the workload cluster virtual machines will run. However, in case of inconvenience, it's possible to run the virtual machines in the implicit root resource pool located at the vSphere cluster level.

## Controller permissions

The Cluster API controller that provisions the infrastructure in the vSphere environment needs a role with a set of permissions. To follow the principle of least privilege, it's recommended that a specific user and role be created for the controller.

> <!-- Xavier can we provide a text here to create the user too? -->

Author: @vxav I thought we might also mention user creation if we point to creating an ad-hoc one for CAPV

Reviewer: We can point to the documentation but the user could be either local to the vCenter database, or come from an identity source (AD, openLDAP, ...).

https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/8.0/vsphere-authentication/GUID-31F302A6-D622-4FEC-9007-EE3BA1205AEA.html

![CAPV kube-vip IPAM](capv-kubevip-ipam-excalidraw.png)

When deploying a Cluster API cluster, it automatically selects an IP from the IP pool by default. However, to have available IPs for services of type load balancer in the workload cluster, you must explicitly set a CIDR in the nodes' subnet.

Learn more about how to configure `kube-vip` in the [advanced documentation]({{< relref "/vintage/advanced/cluster-management/vsphere-kubevip" >}}).
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab id="flags-nsxalb" title="NSX ALB">}}
When using NSX Advanced Load Balancer (NSX ALB), [there are several components](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/vmware-vsphere-with-tanzu/GUID-A247F5F2-AC7E-48E7-B615-F8D361C7292A.html) involved to enable load balancer capabilities in Kubernetes.

The `controller` in NSX ALB plays a pivotal role. It's responsible for communicating the operations requested to the vCenter Server, ensuring the smooth functioning of the load balancer. Additionally, there is a `service engine` to manage virtual IP addresses and a Kubernetes `operator` to reconcile the NSX ALB resources in the clusters.

![CAPV kube-vip](capv-nsxalb-excalidraw.png)

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> __Note__: The cluster nodes must have access to the vCenter endpoint on port 443 so that the controllers can manage the cluster's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network traffic requirements. The cluster nodes must have access to:

- vCenter endpoint on port 443 so that the controllers can manage the cluster's lifecycle.
- Internet on port 443 to pull artifacts from Github, download CVE databases, pull container images, etc. We support authenticated HTTP proxies and we provide a [domain allowlist](https://docs.giantswarm.io/vintage/platform-overview/security/cluster-security/domain-allowlist/) for firewall whitelisting.
```

The link points to vintage so it might need fixing.

> 

Author: Should we add a list of requirements like in VCD? What about, for example, the domain allowlist in case of private installation? or multiple network support?

Reviewer: See my suggestion above

## Virtual machine templates

To provision the virtual machines (VMs) for the cluster nodes, Giant Swarm needs permissions to upload `VM templates` to vCenter Server. The templates use a convention with the Linux distribution and Kubernetes version on the name (e.g., `flatcar-stable-3815.2.1-kube-v1.25.16`).

> <!-- Xavier here we dont have to mention anything about the VM sizing? -->

Author: @vxav do we need to mention anything about the VM sizing?

Reviewer: No, sizing policies is only in cluster-cloud-director. In cluster-vsphere we specify the compute resources independently (ram, cpu...)

Author: So, does it mean those are provided in the cluster definition?

![CAPV kube-vip IPAM](capv-kubevip-ipam-excalidraw.png)

When deploying a Cluster API cluster, it automatically selects an IP from the IP pool by default. However, to have available IPs for services of type load balancer in the workload cluster, you must explicitly set a CIDR in the nodes' subnet.

Learn more about how to configure `kube-vip` in the [advanced documentation]({{< relref "/vintage/advanced/cluster-management/vsphere-kubevip" >}}).
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab id="flags-nsxalb" title="NSX ALB">}}
When using NSX Advanced Load Balancer (NSX ALB), [there are several components](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/vmware-vsphere-with-tanzu/GUID-A247F5F2-AC7E-48E7-B615-F8D361C7292A.html) involved to enable load balancer capabilities in Kubernetes.

The `controller` in NSX ALB plays a pivotal role. It's responsible for communicating the operations requested to the vCenter Server, ensuring the smooth functioning of the load balancer. Additionally, there is a `service engine` to manage virtual IP addresses and a Kubernetes `operator` to reconcile the NSX ALB resources in the clusters.

![CAPV kube-vip](capv-nsxalb-excalidraw.png)

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Controller permissions

Author: ```suggestion
## Permissions
```
